docs: clarify next-env.d.ts regeneration (#94232)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/02-typescript.mdx

> **Good to know**:
>

> > - `next-env.d.ts` is managed by Next.js. Its contents are an implementation detail and may change over time. Add it to `.gitignore`, and remove it from version control if your project already tracks it. Do not edit this file manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `next-env.d.ts` is managed by Next.js. Its contents are an implementation detail and may change over time. Add it to `.gitignore`. If your project already tracks the file, remove it from Git. Do not edit this file manually.
```

Author: Applied in b58dab6fc2.

> > - `next-env.d.ts` is managed by Next.js. Its contents are an implementation detail and may change over time, including between commands such as `next dev` and `next typegen`. To avoid unnecessary diffs, we recommend excluding it from version control. Do not edit this file manually.

Reviewer: I'd want to remove the commands callout. IIRC, we'll eventually fix that too, but the general recommendation, regardless, is to not track the file, and if you do, you should remove it, there's no reason to keep it.

Author: Addressed in ae146028ee by removing the command-specific callout and focusing the note on `.gitignore` / removing `next-env.d.ts` from version control if it is already tracked.

Author: Quick follow-up: the command-specific callout was removed in `ae146028ee`, and the note now focuses only on the general `.gitignore` / remove-from-version-control guidance for `next-env.d.ts`. Could you take another look when you have a chance?
